Can your eldest lady come to be real?
How dare you
Dare to fake it is not as good as the eldest lady
You bitch
How dare you pretend to be my daughter-in-law of Song Jiang
How dare you pretend to be my sister-in-law?
What else is there to say now?
Forget it, why are you impersonating my wife?
You are cautious
I'm really not your wife
But I'm the real Miss Linff
Stinky woman, you are still stubborn
You hit me, you impostor!
If you dare to hit me, of course you dare to hit you
Hitting you got Miss Ben's hands dirty
long gun
How dare you stop this impostor?
Is that enough?
Hurry up and find someone to grab it for me
When I put you in jail now
I'll see if your mouth can still be fixed
Black Benshan now repeats
I'm not a fake
I am the real big lady in the forest
Because my true identity is
Lin Qianyu's twin sister
Lin Qianxun